OSDOCS-4632: Observing network traffic (#54085)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-configuring-options-trafficflow.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc
:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-configuring-options-trafficflow_{context}"]
= Configuring advanced options
You can customize and export the view by using *Show advanced options*.

> You can set the row size by using the *Display options* dropdown. The default value is *Normal*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the row size by using the *Display options* drop-down menu. The default value is *Normal*.
```
